Breonna Taylor
March 13, 2020
 #BlackLivesMatter #BlackWomenMatter
Good day, @LMPD. It has been {days} days since Breonna Taylor died. Arrest your brethren who murdered her.
Don't forget, it has been {days} days since Breonna Taylor died. Her killers still roam free. @LMPD, please arrest the officers that killed her.
Arrest the officers who murdered Breonna Taylor. Charge the officers who murdered Breonna Taylor. Convict the officers who murdered Breonna Taylor.
Breonna Taylor died on {date}. Her killers have not been arrested, charged, or convicted. 
Breonna Taylor had dreams of having a great job and family. She is not doing that, but her killers get to live life. @LMPD, do better
Don't forget that Breonna Taylor has a law named after her, but she has not received justice. Make it make sense!
Why does it remain so difficult for outrage over the killing of Black women to be the tipping point for national protests challenging state violence? -Brittney Cooper, Rutgers University Don't forget about Breonna Taylor, America.
Breonna Taylor was a 26-year-old African-American emergency medical technician when she died. She spent her life helping others live, but her city isn't seeking justice for her death.
We must keep fighting for justice for Breonna Taylor. We must keep saying her name - Arwa Mahdawi. Yes! We must
REMIND THESE OFFICIALS. Breonna Taylor's life mattered. A.G. Daniel Cameron: 502-696-5300, Attorney.General@ag.ky.gov Mayor Greg Fischer: greg.fischer@loisvilleky.gov @LMPD Chief Steve Conrad: 502-574-7660
{days} days later, Breonna Taylor's killers are still free. Wasssuuuup @LMPD?
I was sleeping at home, dreaming about getting my nursing degree and buying a house. But I'm dead, and my killers are still out there. Sooo yeah - Breonna Taylor
@LMPD, good night, sleep tight, don't let the normal timeline fool you into thinking we have forgotten that you still haven't charged, arrested, convicted, and imprisoned Breonna Taylor's killers.
She was dreaming of becoming a nurse, a giver in a world filled with people who don't appreciate the giving soul of a black woman. Rest in peace, angel Breonna.
@LMPD, what's good? How is that investigation into the murder of Breonna Taylor going? Are you going to seek justice? We sure hope so.
The most disrespected person in America, is the black woman - Malcolm X. Don't disrespect Breonna Taylor's memory @LMPD. Convict her murderers.
Imagine having a law named after you to combat acts that led to your death, and the people who killed you have not been punished. #ThisisAmerica
You are priviledged if you don't have to have the conversation about how to keep safe when you leave the house, when you are IN the house, hell when you are breathing! We remember you, Breonna Taylor.
Breonna Taylor was an essential worker. An EMT with aspirations to be a nurse, she was one of the people whose daily labor of keeping people safe we have come to value anew in the age of COVID-19. -Brittney Cooper, Rutgers University
The world lost an angel, an essential worker, a lady with big dreams and a giving heart, on {date}. @LMPD, please arrest the people responsible for our loss.
Black women are tired of asking for acknowledgement, and numb from seeing how little they are valued. See the effort put into seeking justice for Breonna Taylor.
Dear Breonna, We are sorry that we only know about you because you are not here anymore. Wish it was the other way round. We lost a good one. #RestEasyAngel
You could've had a great nurse, America! Now she is gone. Justice for Breonna Taylor. Arrest, charge, convict, and imprison these murderers!!
Pray for Breonna Taylor's family. They don't get to forget that their loved one is gone, and no one has been held responsible. Looking at you, @LMPD.